this is Microsoft's new material a
topological superconductor which has
never been seen before now Microsoft are
using it to build noise resistant cubits
for their future quantum computers
here's how it works it's made by
sandwiching a layer of superconductor on
top of a semiconductor the special
property of superconductors is if you
cool them down low enough they lose
their electrical resistance basically
the electrical current can flow with
zero friction they'll keep flowing
forever the special property of
semiconductors is that we're able to
accurately control the electron density
that's basically the number of electrons
that are in a small volume and being
able to control this electron density
led to the invention of the transistor
which is the basis of all the computers
in the world today and interestingly if
you sandwich the right superconductor
with the right semiconductor you get a
brand new material that's never been
seen before called a topological
superconductor or a topic conductor
which has got very desirable properties
for building a Quant computer which is
the resistance to noise I'm really
excited about this because throughout
history new materials have always led to
new advancements in technology but there
are still many other materials out there
to be discovered things with novel
properties that we've not seen before
and funnily enough one of the best tools
we could have to discover new materials
with new properties is with a working
quantum computer we're not quite there
yet but I'm really interested to see how
all of this develops if you want to find
out more I've got a longer Deep dive
video looking at every everything about
Microsoft's topological con computers
and subscribe to find out more about con
computing